[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to Beyond Belief.
Amy Robeson with us, an Akashic
record master and healer.
She empowers individuals
through connecting them
to the Akashic Records, DNA
activations, light codes,
and light language, guiding
them to unlock their highest
potential and walk
their divine path.
Welcome, Amy.
>>AMY ROBESON: Thank
you for having me.
I'm so excited to
be here with you.
>>NOORY: How did this
all start for you?
>>ROBESON: For me, I
started off pretty young,
knowing different things that I
probably shouldn't have known.
I just knew things as a kid.
And I started becoming
really empathic as a kid
when I would tune in to
the adults' energy, when
they were unpredictable.
>>NOORY: How old were
you when this started?
>>ROBESON: My very first
memory was when I was one--
>>NOORY: One years old?
>>ROBESON: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>ROBESON: Yeah.
My mom was dating a guy,
and I was in my room.
I couldn't hear
their conversation,
but I knew when he came in that
would be the last time I would
see him, and he said goodbye.
And I remember what
was hanging on my crib.
I remember being in my crib
and I remember saying goodbye.
>>NOORY: What do
you mean goodbye?
>>ROBESON: They broke
up and so I knew
that I wouldn't see him again.
>>NOORY: I thought maybe
he passed on or something
like that.
>>ROBESON: No.
They broke up, and I loved him.
Like, he was around my
sister and I and my mom,
and I just knew that that
was the last time I was
going to ever see him again.
>>NOORY: At age two, you had
a prophetic dream about what?
>>ROBESON: Something
really silly.
So I had a dream about a lemon
knickknack and how it broke.
And so this dream
was at two years old.
We lived at one
side of the street,
and when we were
four years old, we
moved to the other
side of the street.
And when my mom came
home and I woke up,
there was a lemon knickknack
on the coffee table,
and it broke exactly how
I saw it in my dream.
>>NOORY: Who taught you these
things at that young age?
Where did you learn this stuff?
>>ROBESON: No one
taught me, per se.
I just tuned into the
energy of whatever
was going on because I
had unpredictable parents.
My stepdad was a
severe alcoholic,
but my grandma had gifts.
So my grandma was--
she did tarot card readings
and astrology readings.
And so I feel my gifts
came from the lineage
of my mom's side of the family.
>>NOORY: So you picked it
up from your grandmother.
>>ROBESON: Yes.
But my mom has gifts, too.
>>NOORY: Not as extensive
as yours, right?
>>ROBESON: If you
train yourself,
you can have more
extensive gifts.
It all depends on what you're
wanting to do with those gifts.
>>NOORY: Amy, we hear a lot
about the Akashic Records.
Actually, what are they?
>>ROBESON: They are a field
of infinite possibilities.
Every word, deed,
thought from the moment
your soul is incepted is
recorded in the Akashic field,
and we can open them up to
receive love and guidance
and support in any and
all areas of our life.
So it's a cosmic field.
>>NOORY: Everything we do in
our life is in those Records?
>>ROBESON: Yes.
Past, present, and
future, everything.
>>NOORY: Can we sneak up
there and erase anything?
>>ROBESON: You can't erase.
You can transform.
If you've already
experienced something,
you can transform what
you've experienced.
But you can't erase
that experience
because it made you who you are.
It shaped your soul.
>>NOORY: If you did
something lousy in your life
and it's in the Records,
so you can't go back there
and make amends?
>>ROBESON: You can do a
past-life regression depression
and heal that fragment of your
soul by calling it back to you.
So yes, you can make amends.
You just can't
erase what happened.
>>NOORY: Back in 2008,
you had nightmares
that led you to study the
Akashic Records and mediumship.
Tell us about those nightmares.
>>ROBESON: So I kept having
dreams that I was being killed
and these dreams were horrific.
And where I was, I
was in the hell realms
because I was experiencing
different entities
and different beings that were
either hurting me or hurting
someone else.
And I wanted to understand
my dreams so that they
wouldn't torture me anymore.
And so I found a teacher
to help me understand them
and to interpret
dreams themselves.
>>NOORY: Who was
trying to kill you?
>>ROBESON: Just
different beings.
Like, I don't-- it was more
of my subconscious being
in the place that I shouldn't
have been because I could bring
my consciousness to different
realms that I was trying to find
answers in, because my stepdad
was a severe alcoholic and he
passed away and I
didn't have closure,
and so I was trying
to find closure.
>>NOORY: You sound like
you had a rough childhood.
>>ROBESON: I did.
I did.
>>NOORY: But you picked
yourself up, look at you now?
>>ROBESON: Yeah, I did.
I think that we can either be
victims of our circumstance
or we can be empowered by them.
And so I chose to be empowered.
>>NOORY: 10 years
ago, you started
teaching the Akashic Records.
>>ROBESON: Yes.
>>NOORY: How do you teach them?
>>ROBESON: I teach people
how to access their Akashic
Records through a prayer and
using crystalline energy.
And so it's a
quick prayer we can
get in within 30
seconds or longer,
depending on how
grounded you are.
And we call crystalline
energy to act as keys
to open the Records themselves.
>>NOORY: Do the prayer for us.
>>ROBESON: I usually
do the prayer silently
because every prayer
is intentionally
done within the heart space.
>>NOORY: How does
it start though?
>>ROBESON: I, and
then I state my name.
>>NOORY: And then
you just go into it?
>>ROBESON: Yes.
>>NOORY: And everybody's
prayer is different?
>>ROBESON: It can be customized.
So we have standard prayers
inside of my program
called sacred awakening where
I teach the Akashic Records.
And then when you get advanced,
you can customize the prayer.
But everyone-- I give
several different options
because different words resonate
more with different people.
>>NOORY: Later in
the program, you're
going to do my Akashic Records.
Will there be things in
there that would shock me?
>>ROBESON: I'm not sure.
It'll depend on what they share.
I hope, or maybe not.
[CHUCKLES]
>>NOORY: What if
you have past lives.
Are they in the Records, too?
>>ROBESON: Yes.
Past lives are in the
Records, your present life
and future
possibilities as well.
>>NOORY: I bet you're constantly
learning new things every time
you teach the Records.
>>ROBESON: Yes.
And that's one of
my favorite things,
because the Records
aren't static.
They're evolving just as
we're evolving as well.
And as we learn and we change
and our consciousness rises,
our understanding of the
Records rises as well.
>>NOORY: Our producers were
telling me before the show
that you have a beautiful
little daughter.
>>ROBESON: I do.
>>NOORY: How old?
>>ROBESON: She's
four and a half.
>>NOORY: Something mystical
about her, wasn't there?
>>ROBESON: She is
absolutely amazing.
And yes, she's a
little mystical being.
>>NOORY: Before
she was born, she
came to visit you in meditation?
>>ROBESON: Yes.
>>NOORY: What happened?
>>ROBESON: She would visit
me and she would tell me
that she was going
to be my daughter
and that she was going to come.
And I wanted her to come
sooner than what she came,
and I even told my husband--
I'm like, we need to
have a baby sooner.
And we weren't married at the
time, but I was ready for her
to come.
But she was taking
her dear, sweet time
because she wanted to come
in when the timing was right.
>>NOORY: And did
she time it right?
>>ROBESON: Oh, she did.
She timed it during COVID.
>>NOORY: You had a pain under
what we call the baby moon.
Tell us what happened.
>>ROBESON: Yeah.
So my husband and I, we were
traveling to go on our babymoon,
and I had an ultrasound
a few days before that,
which was my 20-week ultrasound.
And the pain was getting so
severe while we were driving.
And overnight, I
was very concerned.
And so when I woke
up in the morning,
I decided to go to the hospital
to just see what was going on.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>ROBESON: And I ended up having
emergency surgery at 20 weeks
because they thought
my ovary was twisted.
And when I went into surgery
and while I was under,
I went into a review inside
of the Akashic Records
where they showed me
I died at childbirth.
>>NOORY: In another life?
>>ROBESON: No, in this lifetime.
>>NOORY: What?
>>ROBESON: Yeah.
So they showed me that I died
at childbirth in this lifetime
from bleeding out.
And so when I woke
up from surgery,
I didn't remember it right away.
I didn't remember
it until I started
having a ton of past
lives show up while I was
outside of the Akashic Records.
I would be taking
a shower, and I
would have a ton of
past lives, show me
where I died or the baby
died or we both died.
And I had many, many lifetimes
where I died during childbirth
in my previous lifetimes.
>>NOORY: Thank God it
didn't happen this time.
>>ROBESON: Oh my God,
I'm so grateful it
didn't happen this time.
>>NOORY: Do you think it was
knowledge of the past that
helped prevent it this time?
>>ROBESON: Absolutely.
One, I had a soul contract
with myself to clear this,
and my daughter was a
part of that soul contract
as well, that she was
going to help me clear it.
And that's why she was waiting
to come in, because my husband
and I were trying for a very
long time to get pregnant.
And so she waited until
it was the right time.
And for me, it was
all about advocacy.
So I had this information.
And so I kept advocating
for another ultrasound
because I felt like I was
going to bleed out if I went
into labor, and I gave birth.
>>NOORY: How
concerned were doctors
that you might die this time?
>>ROBESON: My doctor
was very kind,
but she wanted to follow the
rules of health insurance
because that's what
they have to do.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>ROBESON: And so I kept telling
her and telling her and telling
her, and she was like--
>>NOORY: I want one
another ultrasound.
I want to test.
>>ROBESON: Yes.
>>NOORY: And she wanted
to know, know, right?
>>ROBESON: And she would--
where I lived at the
time, they didn't
have the advanced equipment.
And so you would have to go
over the hill to a different
hospital, which was
a 45-minute drive.
And so she used the
equipment that was there.
And she's like, I'm
not seeing anything.
And finally she was
like, OK, you can go.
I just have to write it
up a certain way in order
for it to be covered
by insurance.
And then when I
went, the doctor--
the ultrasound tech was like,
I have to be right back.
I have to go talk to the doctor.
And then he came
back in and he's
like, I need you to
come back after lunch.
The doctor needs to talk to you.
And so I knew
something was wrong.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>ROBESON: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Do you think
your near-death experience
saved your life and
your daughter's life?
>>ROBESON: Absolutely.
Absolutely, because if I
didn't have that experience,
if I wanted to have gone
through an emergency surgery
at 20 weeks, my body
made me aware that there
was something wrong.
And advocacy is really
important because when
you feel something is
wrong, your intuition
is telling you
something, your guides
are telling you something.
You got to advocate
for yourself.
>>NOORY: Amy, your daughter
is only four years old,
but what did she experience
through all of this?
>>ROBESON: So when
I was pregnant,
I would get that she
wanted to come early,
and so I would
have to talk to her
and tell her that she
couldn't come as soon as she
wanted to come, because she
wanted to experience humanness.
And so--
>>NOORY: She wanted out.
>>ROBESON: Yes, she wanted out.
And so we'd have to show
her that if you come early,
your kidneys aren't developed,
your lungs aren't developed.
And I have shared
with her that she
wanted to come sooner
than she was supposed to.
And she goes, mommy, I would go,
let me out, let me out, let me
out, and you would say,
no, you have to stay in.
It's not time yet.
And so to some degree,
I feel like she
understands what was going on.
>>NOORY: I bet she does.
>>ROBESON: Yeah.
And it's really cute whenever
we talk about pregnancy
in terms of how she shares it
as a toddler or a four-year-old
now.
>>NOORY: She'll carry that
for the rest of her life,
you know that?
>>ROBESON: Absolutely.
That was a part of her
birth plan and birth story
into this world.
>>NOORY: It had a profound
effect on your life, didn't it?
>>ROBESON: It did.
Absolutely, it did.
I started experiencing and
understanding past lives
on a next level and soul
contracts on the next level
as well.
>>NOORY: Who are the holders
of the Akashic Records?
The Guardians?
>>ROBESON: Yeah.
So the Guardians, also known
as masters, teachers and loved
ones, could be ascended masters
like Buddha, Jesus, Mother Mary.
Could also be goddesses
like Isis, Kuan Yin.
It can be other beings like
galactic beings like Arcturians
or Pleiadians or
angels, guardian angels
and loved ones and ancestors
that you've never met or are not
even aware because
of pop culture.
>>NOORY: Amy, what does
a soul contract mean?
>>ROBESON: A soul contract is a
contract your soul agrees upon
before coming in this lifetime,
and we have many contracts
with different beings to
act out certain things
within those contracts.
And so a contract can be
to assist you in growing.
A contract can be to
clear lifetimes of trauma.
A contract can be to show you
love, to show you kindness,
or to show you cruelty so
that you empower yourself
to make different decisions.
It just depends on what
contracts you decided
to make before you came here.
>>NOORY: Who do we sign
that contract with?
>>ROBESON: We sign
it with our self
and other beings that agreed to
play certain roles in your life.
>>NOORY: Can you change it
at all during your lifetime?
>>ROBESON: Absolutely.
You have free will and so
you can change the contracts
you've made with yourself.
Certain contracts you don't want
to change because they are to
empower you.
And certain contracts
become outdated
and we want to clear those
if they become outdated.
>>NOORY: When you had your
near-death experiences,
how did you reshape
your own on tracks
based on what happened to you?
>>ROBESON: Yeah.
So one of the
contracts that I had
with myself and
with my daughter was
to clear the lifetimes of
trauma that I experienced
from dying at childbirth
in previous lifetimes,
or the child dying
at childbirth,
or both of us dying
at childbirth.
So the contract was to complete
that and to heal that trauma.
And so when I would go into
these past life regressions,
I would reclaim the
fragment of my soul
that were stuck in
those lifetimes.
>>NOORY: Knowing
what your past lives
were like in these
near-death experiences
that you had, did it
scare you in this life?
>>ROBESON: No, because
I knew no matter what,
my daughter was
going to be OK, and I
had to be the biggest
advocate for myself,
and I wasn't going
to stop until someone
gave me answers and/or brought
me to peace that it wasn't going
to happen.
>>NOORY: What do you
think of past lives?
>>ROBESON: Past lives, I think
are incredibly empowering.
They are not to be glamorized.
You'll often hear people say,
I was a king, I was a queen,
I was this, that or whatever.
And the question is always going
to be, how does that information
serve you?
Because when a past life
is presented to you,
it is there to assist you
in either reclaiming a gift
or to reclaim a fragment of your
soul that is frozen in time.
>>NOORY: Do they help
heal your current life?
>>ROBESON: Absolutely, yeah.
If, let's say you--
>>NOORY: Drowned in a past life.
>>ROBESON: Yes.
>>NOORY: Are you afraid of
water in your current life?
>>ROBESON: I drowned
in a past life.
I drowned many times
in previous lifetimes.
And so that was
one of the things
I had to clear in
this lifetime as well.
And so, yes, you
can have that fear.
So if you have a certain
fear of something,
it could be a past life
that's influencing that fear.
Or you could have
patterns as well
that could be influenced by
previous lifetimes as well.
>>NOORY: Tell us
about a client you
who had some things going
on in their past lives
and what they did.
>>ROBESON: Yeah.
Someone shared with me
that a psychic told him
that he got his
hands cut off, and he
was confused by what to
do with this information,
because she said that
he got his hands cut off
in a previous
lifetime because he
was an executor
that would cut off
people's hands as punishment.
And so he had a lot
of different problems
with his own hands
in this lifetime.
So that information,
while it might
have been important at
that moment in time,
unless you have the
ability to clear it,
that just leaves
someone confused on what
to do with that information.
And so when I was
talking to him, I go,
it's really important that
you nourish your hands
and that you reclaim this
fragment of your soul
because it's just
frozen in that lifetime.
And until you claim
it, you're just
going to continue to have
problems with your hands.
And one of the things that the
Guardians were sharing with them
was that it's important to
put butter on his hands.
>>NOORY: Butter?
>>ROBESON: Butter.
And he started laughing because
that was something his mother
used to do.
>>NOORY: How many past
lives do you think we have?
>>ROBESON: It just depends
on how old your soul is.
Some souls are newer and
some souls are ancient
and some are medium.
Medium length.
Time is not as it seems here.
So we live on linear time,
but our souls are eternal
and we can have
many, many lifetimes.
And then some choose only to
do a few lifetimes because they
want to learn certain
things, and they
want to stay in the ethers.
>>NOORY: Do we keep coming
back and their reincarnation
to get better and
better and better
until we reach that
level of perfection?
>>ROBESON: We have
the opportunity.
So every time we transition
and we go into the cosmos,
we go into a review.
And that review lets us know
how we've impacted people,
how we've made people feel, how
we've negatively impacted them,
how we positively
impacted them, and did we
fulfill our soul
contracts, and what
contracts did we not fulfill.
And it's up to us
from that perspective
to decide how we want to
grow from those experiences.
And then when we come
back into this lifetime,
we have the opportunity to
heal those experiences so we
can reach a higher ascension.
>>NOORY: Might there be past
lives we're not too proud of?
>>ROBESON: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Oh, boy.
>>ROBESON: Most of
us are not angels.
Some have been angels
in previous lifetimes,
our previous experiences,
I should say.
But a lot of us have had
challenges and experiences that
have caused us trauma or
caused harm to others,
and we're here to
undo those experiences
in a way of making them
right by bringing our light,
bringing our message,
and impacting
the world in servitude.
>>NOORY: Does the
progression of our past lives
get better and better and
better, or do we take a drop,
and then come back up again
and take another drop?
Or does it constantly
get better and better?
>>ROBESON: It
depends on the soul.
Because when we
come into this body,
we forget everything
that we learned
while we were in transition.
And some people
have hard lifetimes.
And I'll give an example.
My stepdad and I,
we had an agreement
that he would be tough on me so
I could grow into the person I'm
meant to be, and
he didn't do what
he was supposed to do in
this lifetime in terms
of healing his trauma and
fulfilling most of his contracts
because he numbed
out with alcohol.
And some people choose other
devices or other substances,
and it could be TV,
it could be food,
it could be any
sort of addiction
where they're trying
to escape their pain.
And until they
decide to get help
for that, and in all
the different ways
that you can get
help, sometimes they
don't fulfill what
they're meant to do.
So they have to go back to
school when they transition
and get the help they need
from different beings.
>>NOORY: Why is it
important for us
to access our Akashic Records?
>>ROBESON: The Records
have the ability
to offer multiple perspectives
on any given situation.
Sometimes we get tunnel
vision where we only
see one perspective, and
that's not how life is.
There's many things to consider.
Maybe the person that maybe
told you off or made you mad,
maybe they're having
something terribly
go wrong in their family, and
they're dealing with an illness
that you have no idea about.
And so you're meant to show
them kindness and not overreact.
And so perspective
is everything.
And when we are able to have
a 360-degree perspective,
it allows us to find
peace in the situation.
It doesn't mean the
situation was right or wrong,
it's to find peace.
And that's really important.
>>NOORY: Do our past lives
contribute to our future life?
>>ROBESON: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Does it make
us better people?
>>ROBESON: Yeah.
So we make decisions before we
come here on who we want to be,
what paths we want
to take, who we
want to interact with as
well, and you set yourself up
for success before you
come into this lifetime.
And because you
have free will, it
will all shake out the way
it's supposed to shake out
based on your
decisions and reactions
and experiences to
those reactions.
>>NOORY: Have we had past lives
on other planetary systems?
>>ROBESON: Yes.
>>NOORY: We have?
>>ROBESON: Yes, most souls have.
>>NOORY: And they're into
the Akashic Records, too?
>>ROBESON: Everything is
in the Akashic Records.
Everything about Mother Earth
is in the Akashic Records.
Everything about
galactic planets
are in the Akashic Records.
So, yes, every past life,
everything about animals,
everything about rocks,
everything about buildings,
houses, any object, place or
thing, has an Akashic Records.
>>NOORY: There's
great discussions
of Atlantis and Lemuria.
>>ROBESON: Yeah.
>>NOORY: What was it like?
Did you have a past life there?
>>ROBESON: Yes, I had many
past lives in Lemuria.
And the Lemurians
were very telepathic.
They were very heart-centered
and very crystalline beings.
They worked with a
lot of the crystals.
>>NOORY: I had read that
they had mermaids there.
>>ROBESON: They did.
The Atlanteans and Lemurians
had mermaids as well.
And I've had the opportunity
to take different clients
into past life regressions where
a mermaid lifetime was revealed.
>>NOORY: Where'd they go?
>>ROBESON: Where did they go?
>>NOORY: Where are they?
>>ROBESON: We still
have mermaids.
>>NOORY: Where?
>>ROBESON: In the ocean.
>>NOORY: Show me.
>>ROBESON: [LAUGHS] They're
different dimensional beings
that can show up as well.
Similar to galactic beings
that travel in and out
of different
dimensional portals.
>>NOORY: What else did the
mermaids try to convey to us?
They worked with some of
your clients, didn't they?
>>ROBESON: Yeah, absolutely.
So one of my clients,
when I took her
on a past life regression,
hair was really important
as a Lemurian mermaid.
>>NOORY: Hair?
>>ROBESON: Hair.
Yeah, our hair.
The hair, the way
that I saw it when
we were in the past
life and the way
she was also conveying
it was, the hair glows.
Kind of like Rapunzel in Disney.
>>NOORY: I remember that.
>>ROBESON: And--
>>NOORY: Down your golden hair.
>>ROBESON: Yes.
And it glows and it
has healing powers.
And it acts like antennas to
share information and light
codes.
>>NOORY: Were these
mermaids helpful to people?
>>ROBESON: Yeah.
They lived in communities.
And so for that particular
lifetime that was revealed--
this lifetime she was showing my
client all of the gifts she had.
So not every past
life is traumatic,
but she was trying to show her
the power and the gifts she had
and what she could do with
her hair in this lifetime.
>>NOORY: Could we have been
animals in another life?
>>ROBESON: Yes.
>>NOORY: Really?
I've had many different clients
be many different animals
in different lifetimes.
I've had a client that
told me she was a fly.
A client told me that
she was a dragonfly.
Insects are also
part of animals when
we're talking about past lives.
A bear.
A polar bear.
>>NOORY: Do they originate from
other planetary systems, too?
>>ROBESON: They do.
So the animals that come
into our Earth's experience,
they have made agreements
to be of service to us.
And they bring certain
animal medicines to us.
>>NOORY: What is a soul family?
>>ROBESON: A soul
family is a group
of souls that travel together
into different lifetimes.
>>NOORY: They stay together?
>>ROBESON: Some will
be in the cosmos
and some will be in this
timeline that we're on.
Just depends on where
they're at in their evolution
and how they want to
assist on what side.
Do they want to assist
on the Earth side,
or do they want to assist
on the cosmos side?
>>NOORY: But the people you're
friendly with in this life,
might you have had relationships
with them in previous lives?
>>ROBESON: Yes.
And the people that get on
your nerves are your enemies
or you don't get along
with, they can also
be a part of your soul family.
>>NOORY: Can other people, not
someone like you who's gifted--
but can somebody--
can my neighbor
access my Akashic Records?
>>ROBESON: No.
No one can access your
Records without permission.
And the Guardians will
not grant permission.
If someone's accessing your
Records without permission
and they're getting
information, they're
accessing the false
Akashic Records.
>>NOORY: So if you wanted
to know about somebody,
you can't go to the Akashic
Records and peer into it.
>>ROBESON: No.
It's against free will, and
it breaks spiritual laws.
>>NOORY: What kind of
beings do you encounter?
>>ROBESON: I experience
all sorts of beings
from galactic beings, light
beings, angels, animal spirit
guides, all sorts of beings.
>>NOORY: Do ETs come to you?
>>ROBESON: Yes.
I call them galactic
light beings.
And they do come to me.
And it will depend on
what I'm working on
or who I'm working with,
and when they show up.
>>NOORY: What star
systems do they come from?
>>ROBESON: It just depends
on the client or myself.
So I have a lot of
Arcturians that show up.
I have a lot of
Pleiadians that show up.
I have some beings that
I know they're of light,
but I don't know their names.
So it just depends on
who I'm working with.
>>NOORY: What do they want?
>>ROBESON: They want
to be of service.
Or if there's beings like
entities or dark forces
that are attached to the person
were the light beings will come
in, the galactic
beings will come in
to help clear them out and
escort them back to where
they're supposed to be.
>>NOORY: Are they all
different from Pleiadians
to the Arcturians?
Do they do different things?
>>ROBESON: Yeah, they do.
So the Pleiadians are more
emotional, healing, support
and feminine energy,
where the Arcturians help
with a lot of sacred geometry
and galactic codes and DNA
repair.
>>NOORY: They're more
scientists, aren't they?
>>ROBESON: Yes, yes.
>>NOORY: How can you
use your past lives
to enhance your current life?
>>ROBESON: To utilize
the information in a way
to better understand yourself.
So let's say I'm having a hard
time with people pleasing,
and I have a past life that
shows up where I was always
taking care of everyone else,
and I never said no to anything.
Well, that past
life is showing me
that there's a
fragment of my soul
that stuck in time that's
continuing this pattern
and behavior.
And so I'm going to reclaim
that fragment of my soul
to help me with my people
pleasing in this lifetime,
and to clear it.
>>NOORY: Explain what
soul fragments are.
>>ROBESON: Soul fragments are
when your soul fractals out
into tiny little particles.
And those tiny particles
have memories and experiences
that will continue to live
that particular experience.
Good example of this
would be is if you've ever
had a conversation with
someone, and days later, you're
still thinking about
that conversation, that
is showing you that there's
a fragment of your soul
that's still stuck
in that conversation
that you fractile outward.
>>NOORY: Is the soul that
occupies me now a soul
that I had in a previous
life, in a previous life,
in a previous life?
>>ROBESON: Yeah, your
soul is your pure essence.
>>NOORY: That doesn't change?
>>ROBESON: No, it doesn't.
It's your essence.
It's who you are as a whole.
You are not broken.
Your soul isn't broken.
Your essence isn't broken.
You're whole.
>>NOORY: The soul beings that
are out there to assist you,
do they come to you often?
>>ROBESON: Yeah, I talk to
different beings every day
in the Akashic Records.
>>NOORY: How many?
>>ROBESON: Just depends
on the day, but a lot.
And they usually
speak as a collective
because it would be
overwhelming if I saw them all.
So I just allow them to
speak to me as a collective.
And if it's important for
me to know exactly one
particular being or
several particular beings,
they'll show me.
>>NOORY: What do they
want out of this?
>>ROBESON: They want to
support humanity and evolving,
and they want to support whoever
they're working with to evolve.
>>NOORY: What are
etheric implants?
>>ROBESON: Etheric implants
are energetic implants
within the energy bodies or
subtle bodies, the etheric body.
And they're placed there by
dark forces or entities that
want to cause some sort of
harm, or to receive something
from that person, or to prevent
them from doing something.
>>NOORY: Can an individual
get rid of it on their own?
>>ROBESON: They can.
Yeah, absolutely they can.
Or they can get support.
Depends on what their
level of skill is
and their understanding.
Everybody's intuitive.
So if you know how to
tune into your body
and understand what's
going on, you can do it,
but sometimes people
need assistance
in order to clear those things.
>>NOORY: Amy, what
creates a bad person?
>>ROBESON: Forgetting who they
are and who they're meant to be.
And I'll say that
slightly different.
I don't think anyone's bad.
What they do is they
numb out and they are not
participating in life the way
that their soul wants them to.
And so they're not
making decisions
based on what they were
meant to do in this lifetime,
and so they get lost.
You can make bad decisions
in a lifetime, and then
the next lifetime you can make
better decisions where you heal.
>>NOORY: What is a
parasitic entity?
>>ROBESON: A parasitic entity is
like a parasite within the gut,
or within the energy bodies that
is eating off the life force.
>>NOORY: How do
we contract that?
How do we get that?
>>ROBESON: So sometimes it's
through the foods we eat.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>ROBESON: Yes.
And so sometimes there
are bad gut bugs,
if you want to think about it as
either good gut bugs or bad gut
bugs.
And then we can also have an
energetic parasite as well.
>>NOORY: Through our
actions and deeds?
>>ROBESON: No, through
outside influences.
So there could be a dark
force or entity that
wants to feed off your
energy or influencing
you to behave in a
certain way, so there
can be entities that are
influencing that person
to behave and to act
in a very evil way.
>>NOORY: These
parasitic entities,
can they influence
my personality today?
>>ROBESON: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: How do they do that?
>>ROBESON: They
influence your mood.
They influence your thoughts.
They influence your
behaviors by making you feel
or to act in a certain way.
It's kind of like if someone's
pressing on your hand
really gently,
eventually you're going
to move your hand because
it's going to annoy you.
And so if there's
something energetically,
like an energetic parasite or
if it's an etheric implant,
it's going to influence your
behavior because it's pressing
on you to behave that way.
>>NOORY: These
higher beings that
are out there, what are
they trying to convey to us?
To you?
>>ROBESON: Yeah,
they're trying to let
us know that we're here
to remember who we are
and what we're here to
do, and that we're here
to raise the consciousness of
this planet so we can evolve.
>>NOORY: Are you closer to
what entities personally?
>>ROBESON: Well,
first off, I enjoy
working with the masters,
teachers and the loved ones
in general.
So whoever wants
to come forward,
I love working with them.
And then the galactic
beings that I
enjoy working with the
most are the Arcturians.
>>NOORY: Why is that?
>>ROBESON: I have had many,
many, many, many lifetimes
as an Arcturian.
>>NOORY: You were an Arcturian?
>>ROBESON: Yeah.
>>NOORY: You know them?
>>ROBESON: Yes.
>>NOORY: Are they
heartwarming people?
You seem to be one.
>>ROBESON: They are very
heart-centered and very
matter-of-fact in
the ways that they
want to work with
energy and the DNA.
>>NOORY: Tell us about
your channeling life.
What do you do?
>>ROBESON: I channel
through the Akashic Records,
and I also channel with
light language as well.
And I allow myself to
just receive and to share.
>>NOORY: Do you always get into
somebody's Records when you try?
>>ROBESON: I've never
not been able to get
in someone's Records.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
>>ROBESON: The only time that
I've had something weird come up
is when someone had too much
alcohol over the weekend,
and they told me that
we needed to reschedule
because the alcohol was
still influencing her system,
and so she would receive a
better reading the next day.
So we just rescheduled
for the next day.
>>NOORY: Why would alcohol
affect her and not you?
>>ROBESON: Alcohol can
rip holes in our aura
and they can also influence
our mood and our behavior
depending on what
we're drinking,
how we're consuming it as well.
And so any sort of
substance can influence
in a negative or positive way.
And so with alcohol,
the rule of thumb
is usually you want to
abstain from it for 24 hours
before giving a reading
or receiving a reading.
>>NOORY: Let's tie into
my Akashic Records.
>>ROBESON: Perfect.
>>NOORY: How big is my book?
>>ROBESON: [CHUCKLES]
They're showing me this big.
I don't usually see books,
but the Guardians always
share based on who is
asking the questions.
And so they're showing
me a book like this big.
>>NOORY: What did the
Guardians think of me?
>>ROBESON: Oh, they
think you're lovely.
>>NOORY: They do?
>>ROBESON: Yes.
And what they're
showing me is you
have these beautiful
angel wings that they
want to make you aware of.
>>NOORY: How did I get them?
>>ROBESON: Everyone has wings.
And so for you, they're wanting
you to become aware of them
because it allows you to be more
present to the back of your body
system.
Meaning, like, the
back of your chakras
and the energy in the back
of your body, which then can
help you become more present.
>>NOORY: Did I
have any past lives
that I wouldn't be too proud of?
>>ROBESON: You've
had past lives.
They're wanting to
rephrase "not proud of."
You've had past
lives that you've
had challenges, interesting
experiences that
have shaped you to who you are.
So it's not that you're
not proud of them,
but some of the
behaviors and actions
are, they're saying
questionable,
that you would be, hmm, like
would scratch your head today
and go, why would I do that?
But it's the whole
experience of that lifetime.
>>NOORY: This lifetime
is in the communications.
I love broadcasting to people.
I love telling people stories.
I love communicating
with people.
Is that ability from the past?
>>ROBESON: Yes.
They're showing me-- they're
showing me where you used to be
an announcer--
>>NOORY: In another life?
>>ROBESON: Yeah.
It's-- they're showing me
it's something similar to like
a baseball game.
But it was a different sport.
I don't know what the sport is
because they're not telling me.
But you were an
announcer for some sort
of athletic experience.
Like a game of some sort.
It wasn't in this lifetime.
It was a galactic lifetime.
So it wasn't a human lifetime.
But you were an announcer
of that type of event.
But it was sports in the terms
that we would understand.
>>NOORY: That was one life?
>>ROBESON: Yes, one life.
You were a sports announcer.
>>NOORY: How many lives
do you think I have?
Will they tell you that?
>>ROBESON: They said
that you had 977.
>>NOORY: 977 lives?
>>ROBESON: Yes.
Some were short
and some were long.
>>NOORY: How far back do I go?
>>ROBESON: You're ancient.
You're an ancient--
>>NOORY: Was I a caveman?
>>ROBESON: You were
one of the small--
so there's cavemen and
then there were tiny beings
during the dinosaur age.
And you were one of the tiny
beings during the dinosaur age.
>>NOORY: I don't want
to be a tiny being.
>>ROBESON: [LAUGHS]
There's different
experiences that we had
in previous lifetimes,
and I've gotten to see
the tiny beings two times,
and this would be my third
time I've gotten to see them.
But you were one
of the tiny beings,
and everything's
relative to perspective,
but you were one of them.
>>NOORY: Can they
foresee future lives?
>>ROBESON: Yes, but
you have to understand
that everything from
this moment in time
is based on this moment
in time, what they answer.
And so things reorganize
on a constant basis,
because we have free will,
and based on the decisions
and based on our
reactions or non-reactions
influence the present and
then influence the future.
And that determines
what we're doing.
But they can show us
parallel universes as well.
Parallel timelines.
>>NOORY: Did I have any lives
where I died tragically?
>>ROBESON: Yes.
>>NOORY: How did I die?
>>ROBESON: You died
on a pirate ship.
>>NOORY: A pirate ship?
>>ROBESON: A pirate
ship went down
and you died tragically when
the pirate ship went down.
>>NOORY: I was a pirate?
>>ROBESON: Yes.
>>NOORY: I drowned?
>>ROBESON: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: Who sank the ship?
>>ROBESON: Enemy forces is
what they're showing me.
And they're showing me like
a cannonball of some sort.
>>NOORY: Hit the
ship and down I went.
>>ROBESON: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: What other
lives did I have that?
>>ROBESON: Where
you died tragically?
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>ROBESON: I'm seeing you
died in a knife fight once.
>>NOORY: Oh, boy.
>>ROBESON: I'm seeing you die
of tuberculosis or something
like that.
>>NOORY: Like a disease?
>>ROBESON: Like
some sort of disease
that was running rampant.
>>NOORY: That could
explain why I'm
so obsessed with
health supplementation
and things like that now.
>>ROBESON: Yes, absolutely.
So that lifetime influenced
your ability to be more in tune
to your physical body and to
trust your intuition-- when
you're receiving that,
it's important for you
to take a certain supplement
or a certain medicine
or to even wear something
too, because our clothing can
be medicine as well.
>>NOORY: Are they
happy with my lives?
>>ROBESON: Oh, for sure.
They don't judge.
That's the thing.
>>NOORY: No matter what?
>>ROBESON: Mm-mm.
Because we're having a messy
human experience and they
want us to evolve.
And let's say you just had
a big argument with someone,
they're not going to judge
you for that argument.
They're going to love you.
They're going to show
that you are loved
and they're going to assist
you work through whatever
it is that you need to work
through from that argument.
They never, ever judge.
And so they don't ever
judge any previous lifetime
because they take into
consideration everything
your soul has ever experienced.
And they answer it
from that perspective
because they know who you
are from that perspective,
because they can't just take
a sliver of your experiences,
they have to take in the whole.
>>NOORY: Did I originate
on other planets?
>>ROBESON: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Am I an
Arcturian like you?
>>ROBESON: I see
you as a blue being.
So most of the time when I see
Arcturians, they're blue beings.
So that's--
>>NOORY: What is a blue being?
>>ROBESON: Arcturians
are usually blue when I--
>>NOORY: Like Avatars?
>>ROBESON: Mm-hmm.
Yeah, so they're showing
me as a blue being.
But you've had other
lifetimes, so they're
wanting me to explain this.
So when our soul
comes into being,
we start with the
sacred geometry symbols.
And so we don't
start on a planet.
We start with
sacred geometry when
our essence comes into being.
So that's where we originate.
And you've had
Arcturian lifetimes.
Does that make sense?
>>NOORY: Sure it does.
And will I still keep evolving?
>>ROBESON: Absolutely.
You have lots of work to still
do in terms of what you're here
for, your many purposes
are, but you've
reached a level of ascension
that you should be proud of,
they said.
>>NOORY: Would you thank
your guides for me?
>>ROBESON: Absolutely.
And if you want, you
can thank them as well.
>>NOORY: Thank you guides.
Now, is this back to you?
>>ROBESON: Yeah, absolutely.
I channel in the present.
So you're good.
>>NOORY: It was always you.
>>ROBESON: Yeah.
I just interpret the information
and I channel it through.
>>NOORY: What is light language?
>>ROBESON: Light language is the
cosmic language of your soul.
It can have symbols,
movements and sounds.
>>NOORY: How does it work?
>>ROBESON: How does
it work in terms of--
>>NOORY: Communicating.
>>ROBESON: Communicating it.
So with light language,
light language
is like, we tune into
a radio station and--
>>NOORY: Preferably mine.
>>ROBESON: Yes, absolutely.
So we're fine tuning
to a radio station.
Not all stations are good.
Not everything in light
language we want to channel.
And so we want to tune
into the radio station
that is to support us.
And then there's galactic light
codes and galactic beings that
support us in breaking through
what cannot be communicated
in human words.
>>NOORY: Is it positive to
work with light language?
>>ROBESON: Yes, and we
need to use discernment
because there could
be some beings that
communicate with you
in light language that
have other agendas.
And so you need to make sure
that you're using discernment,
like with anything in
our human experience.
>>NOORY: Do you use
light language often?
>>ROBESON: Yes, I do.
Absolutely.
>>NOORY: And it works for you?
>>ROBESON: I love it.
And when I first
started to receive
guidance to start
sharing it publicly,
I didn't want to
do it whatsoever
because I thought it
was the strangest thing.
And when I started
doing it, my clients
were like, yes, this
is what we need.
Because what I have found
is there comes a point
in our healing journey where
there's something else that
wants to communicate through
sacred geometry light codes that
cannot be expressed
in human words.
And so it breaks
through the noise
and brings those codes in for
us to receive really high power,
high frequency healings.
>>NOORY: Amy, what's that
one message, that one
important message you want
to impart on everybody
about the Akashic Records?
>>ROBESON: That anyone, if
they're receiving guidance--
and the record starts speaking
to people when they are ready,
anyone can do it.
So don't worry about if you
don't feel psychic or not,
that there's a reason why you're
receiving guidance to look at
and to dive into the Records.
And the Guardians are
wanting me to also share
this message that you are
loved and you are always loved.
And don't forget your
light because your light
is your beacon home.
>>NOORY: How do people get
more information about you?
>>ROBESON: They can
go to my website.
It's theamyrobeson.com,
theamyrobeson.com.
I have free stuff on there.
I have information about the
Akashic Records, light language.
And if they go to
theamyrobeson.com/free,
we have 20 plus free healings,
masterclasses and other things
that we give away for
free all the time.
>>NOORY: Amy, thanks for
being on Beyond Belief.
>>ROBESON: Thank
you for having me.
It was so much fun.
>>NOORY: Fascinating talking
about your past lives,
and she knows all about them.
I wonder how many more she knows
that she didn't tell me about.
Thanks for watching
Beyond Belief.
[THEME MUSIC]